Align yourself with an organization that has a reputation for excellence! Cedars-Sinai was awarded the National Research Corporation’s Consumer Choice Award 19 times for providing the highest-quality medical care in Los Angeles. We also were awarded the Advisory Board Company’s Workplace of the Year. This annual award recognizes hospitals and health systems nationwide that have outstanding levels of employee engagement. We offer an outstanding benefits package that includes health care, paid time off, and a 403(B). Join us! Discover why U.S. News & World Report has named us one of America’s Best Hospitals.

What will you be doing in this role?

The Strategy Associate s responsible for evaluating, analyzing, and making recommendations on new business development opportunities that are presented to Cedars-Sinai in the form of completed business plans. They will provide business development and planning support to the leadership across the Health System.

Strategy Department:

The Strategy Associate evaluates, analyzes, and develops recommendations on strategy and business opportunities for Cedars-Sinai Health System. The Strategy Associate supports Health System partners and is responsible for developing data analyses, market assessments, business and strategic plans. This position assists System Development management and staff with ensuring quality and consistency of deliverables. Duties include:

Supports the development, facilitation, and presentation of project deliverables, including strategy and business plans to Health System collaborators, to guide strategic and business decisions.
Develops complex business plans by identifying, retrieving and analyzing data, developing models and assumptions to support decisions and recommendations on strategic and business opportunities of large scope and impact to the organization; uses quantitative and qualitative data from internal and external sources to inform the business plans.
Prepares comprehensive market and trend assessments/analyses that may include demand forecasts, competitor analyses, risk assessments, and the research, monitoring, and evaluation of key market trends.
Evaluates operational needs for Health System growth initiatives (e.g., program development, new services and technology) in collaboration with operations leadership; includes facility planning, staffing requirements, capital needs and capacity analyses.
Supports the evaluation of potential transactions for physician groups and hospital affiliations and new venture opportunities.
Develops detailed financial analyses, including income statements, cash flow analysis and balance sheets, and economic valuations using standard acceptable methodologies.
Works with Health System staff and leadership to convert strategy and business plans into implementation plans; supports monitoring of implemented strategies and the review of business plan targets.
Provides consulting and project management support for Health System leadership, clinical departments and the Medical Network as needed.

Qualifications

Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree required. MBA, MPH, MHA, or MPA preferred. Course work should include planning, finance, marketing, accounting, information systems and business strategy.

A minimum of 2 years of experience planning, finance, strategy and/or business development experience in a healthcare organization or consulting organization providing services to the healthcare industry; or equivalent experience.